Date: 2025-01-08 09:58:36
Caption: As the much-anticipated even semester has finally commenced, we have the perfect quiz to kick it off. Presenting to you "Bounce Softly, or Carry a Big CHIMP", a Crime, History, Internet, Media and above all, Politics Quiz.

Join us in teams of up to three at 9 am, at LHC on Saturday, 11th January, for an enthralling experience and an enriching lesson of POL100. The event is exclusively for IITD students.

Registration link can be accessed through our Bio.

Date: 2025-01-07 06:11:52
Caption: Literati presents LitQC Thingy, in collaboration with the Literary and Quizzing Clubs. 
Whether you’re a crossword wizard, a wordplay enthusiast, or a trivia buff with a love for literature, this event has something for everyone.
Expect thrilling rounds of word games, literary puzzles, and quizzing challenges that will test your wit, vocabulary, and literary prowess.

So make your teams, reserve your slots, and get ready to join us at 10 am, in teams of upto 3 at LHC on Sunday, 12th January. The event is exclusive for lITD students.

Date: 2025-01-06 09:30:39
Caption: Literati, in collaboration with the Quizzing Club, presents The Literati Quiz Quest — 4 thrilling quizzes across diverse genres, hosted by incredible QMs.

Don’t miss the chance to dive into this ultimate quizzing adventure!

Visit our bio for the registration link.

Date: 2025-01-04 16:03:58
Caption: Prepare for the Challenge of a Lifetime at BECon’25!

Join us for Beyond the Seen, an electrifying quiz event  hosted by the eDC (Entrepreneurship Development Cell) and IIT Delhi. This is where the brightest minds in science, business, and technology come together to compete, collaborate, and showcase their intellect.

📌 Event Details:
👥 Team Size: 3-4 members
📅 Date: 1st February 2025
📍 Venue: LHC, IIT Delhi
💸 Free Registration

Challenge Your Knowledge Across Multiple Domains
Engage in High-Stakes Problem-Solving
Collaborate and Compete with the Best Minds

Whether you’re a tech enthusiast, a business strategist, or a curious learner, this is your opportunity to dive into the unknown and emerge as a winner.

Visit: http://becon.edciitd.com for all event details. Get ready to push your boundaries and explore the possibilities at BECon’25!

Registration link :https://unstop.com/o/RbpPuJB?lb=eeI7yibs&utm_medium=Share&utm_source=shortUrl

#edc #becon #quizchallenge #problemsolving #networking

Date: 2024-12-22 17:18:18
Caption: Greetings, Quizzers!

Immediately starting off the next semester is the SBT League Quiz: Bone Vinyl Disco! The favoured genre of all engineering students (???), this quiz will test you on everything from Irodov to Infosys.

The WhatsApp group for the participants will be created shortly, so make sure to join for further updates.

See you there!

For queries, contact Gulia at +91 9717411760

(This quiz is only for IITD students)

Date: 2024-12-07 08:38:01
Caption: The nation wants to know whether the nation knows about the nation. 🗣🗣

Greetings Quizzers!

IITD QC is excited to bring to you “Credible India Quiz” an Informal India Quiz hosted by Prakhar, Aditya Jhiwania and Umang on Wednesday, 11th December, airing live at 5:00 PM.

So, book your slots and join us in teams of two for a stroll through the plethora of fundae about the country.

Link to the Google Forms: https://forms.gle/7KeiyKspQUCB61dt8

Happy Quizzing!

The quiz is open just for the IIT Delhi students.

(Poster designed by @umangulp)

Date: 2024-11-12 13:27:14
Caption: Tired of studying for the Majors?

Here's a couple of questions to help you take your mind off your studies, in the very first Blue Wave of this tenure!

Comment your answers in the chat below!

Theme - Astronomy

Date: 2024-11-08 10:06:12
Caption: Let QC ∪ MathSoc bring you Sine of the Times—where logic and maths intersect the quizzing dimension. 🧠✨

Prepare to navigate ancient mathematical mysteries, unlock the secrets of prime numbers, and trace the paths of legendary theorems. This quiz isn’t just about finding answers—it’s about exploring the hidden stories behind the numbers, discovering unexpected patterns, and transforming your thinking, theorem by theorem, until you uncover the ultimate solution.

Are you in the probability distribution of champions, or just a random variable? Test your odds and see if you fall within the confidence interval of top solvers! 🧠📐

📅 9th November
🕒 3:00 - 7:00 PM
📍 LH316

Join us in teams of three if you're willing to take this quiz experiment to see where you stand on the bell curve of quizzing and math mastery!

Quiz Masters: Kartik Gulia & Lohith Alladi 
📞 Contact: Gulia - 98681 49674

Date: 2024-11-05 09:14:25
Caption: Congratulations to everyone who got it correct!

Here are the answers for the Hallowe'en Quiz.

Date: 2024-11-05 09:10:03
Caption: Here are the winners of On MELAncholy Hill!

Date: 2024-10-31 08:39:25
Caption: Here's a couple of spooky questions for you this Hallowe'en!

Quickly comment your answers in the chat below! We will release them soon.

Date: 2024-10-27 17:41:17
Caption: Here are the results of the Freshers' Quiz Finals!

Date: 2024-10-23 18:35:39
Caption: Greetings, Quizzers!

Close on the heels of the H&M League Quiz is On MELAncholy Hill - The MELA League Quiz! Spice up this Sunday afternoon with some delightful fundae from the world of MELA, and get your league some points in the process :P

Team size is 4. Top 2-3 teams from the prelims will qualify for the finals, in addition to the 6 League teams.

See you there!

Date: 2024-10-20 16:35:41
Caption: Greetings, Freshers!

The annual Freshers' Quiz is finally here! It is the first Quiz to carry Hostel BRCA Points, as your reps would have doubtlessly informed you.

Teams of max 3. All members must necessarily be of the same hostel, and 2024 Entry students.

So take a breath of fresh air 🤪, and gear up for the Prelims this Tuesday, to be held (tentatively) in the Seminar Hall! Happy Quizzing!

Date: 2024-10-20 12:33:35
Caption: Here are the winners of Pounce out of the Bottle!

Date: 2024-10-12 10:26:05
Caption: Greetings, Quizzers!

We are glad to announce the first League Quiz of the tenure: the History & Mythology Quiz, quizmastered by Tejas and Amogh! The prelims will happen this Wednesday in some LH, and the finals later on at night in the SAC. 

The team size in a League Quiz is 4. The top 2-3 teams from the prelims will join the 6 League Teams in the finals, and compete for League Points! There is no restriction on your year for a League Quiz; you can team up with virtually anyone from the campus.

See y'all there!

Date: 2024-10-11 12:39:27
Caption: Arush and I bonded over multiple things at once. Be it the innumerable quizzing sets that we solved together at the most random times— during free lecture slots, in Jwala CR/mess, on the journey to and back from DU colleges, etc.— or the god-knows-how-many jamming sessions we held together that ended up expanding my taste in music dramatically. Very well-known as the GOAT of MELA genre, our teamups in internals and externals had him answering the majority of questions while a dumbstruck me just sat there in awe of what I was witnessing. His ability to accurately recollect almost every single art piece he'd seen in museums in Europe as an exchange student there was unnerving, to say the least. Apart from being a human Shazam, Arush is a living, breathing song-filtering program as well— ask him for music bands of an obscure genre with female vocals from a random decade and he'd present you with an unending list on the spot. Performing duets of California Dreamin' with him was perhaps one of the most memorable days of my life in this college. The philosophical discussions that would sometimes follow these jams were just cherry on top.

It would be a crime to neglect to mention his love for puzzles and proficiency at crosswords, and he might have ended up giving dozens of people a lifelong addiction to the same through his unmatched enthusiasm. An extrovert par excellence without the hint of any social anxiety, his list of friends and acquaintances is so extensive that you would end up getting added to a group dedicated to some concert many months into the future and not know half the people there. Well, just one look at his academic record and list of ECAs comprising not just QLD but also dance and music events certainly helps explain part of it.

It is unfortunate that we only became really good friends in his final year here— the immensely positive influence that he's had on me and so many others will never be forgotten. IITD QC will miss having this multi-talented gem in our midst.

- Tarun Ajay Singh, 2024

Date: 2024-10-10 13:44:41
Caption: 'Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it' I think Ye was talking about Amba at cracking fundae. From knowing about the most bizarre anime, to the paintings of Monet, Amba is who many would consider the ideal fit to MELA quizzing.

I first met Amba in my second year on the way to the Fandom and SBT quizzes at AIIMS. He'd qualified for the finals and my team had missed out narrowly, and so I began spectating the remainder of the quiz. It was extremely cool to find a senior in IITD who hadn't lost their inner sense of 'Bangalorean'. Mamba is always energetic, yet mellow and a really fun guy to hang around with.  Be it sitting through SBT quizzes together and pouncing on every other question, co-qming Literati Fandom, or regular conversations on WhatsApp, Amba has an aura that is hard to come across but also hard not to match.

He is the ultimate definition of 'vibe-quizzer': the person who's gonna crack not just questions but jokes too. Whether he was acting as a pillar for Zanskar QC, or grabbing podiums in other internals and externals, Amba was very often in a league of his own.

Here's wishing our @cant_a_gawa star all the best for his journey ahead <3

- Rushil Mital, 2024

Date: 2024-10-07 16:22:14
Caption: Major Chandrakant Nair's Field Marshal Quiz, now a regular at Rendezvous, is finally here! One of the greatest quizmasters in India, the Major is sure to convert an otherwise dour Tuesday morning into a delightful experience, as you delve into the world of quizzing.

Please note that you need to be aged STRICTLY 25 or below to be a valid participant in this quiz. 

To register for this Quiz, and the following Sports Quiz in the afternoon, please register for the U25 Pass on linktr.ee/offkanagawa. (Link in bio)

Date: 2024-10-07 02:33:42
Caption: "Dhanda" - The Business Quiz. Do you sense the clinking of coins, the smell of freshly-printed banknotes, the solid weight of a bar of gold? That's exactly what you'll experience in this Quiz masterfully prepared by Saswata Acharya, as you navigate your way between famous brands, ingenious entrepreneurs and the odd unicorn. The event will start this noon at 1 PM in LH111 at IIT Delhi, within the Lecture Hall premises.

Quickly register through the Unstop link at linktr.ee/offkanagawa (link in bio, too) for this marvellous quiz!

The sponsor for this quiz is The Dopamine Store. A merchandise store headed by Koushik Sinha, they are devoted to making posters for anime and video game lovers. We are proud to announce that winners of this Quiz will be receiving their products! Do check their amazing products on their Instagram.

Date: 2024-10-06 11:49:27
Caption: "Ekla Cholo Re" - The Lone Wolf General Quiz will take place tomorrow (7th October) from 8:30 AM in the Lecture Hall Complex of IIT Delhi. It will cover a multitude of topics, including but not limited to sports, mythology, history, science, etc. Painstakingly crafted by @divyarajkathait and Vivet, this Quiz will be a pleasure to watch!

This Quiz is special for one more reason: it is the only quiz which does not have teams. All participants have to participate individually.

The sponsor for this quiz is @dop.aminestore, The Dopamine Store. A merchandise store headed by Koushik Sinha, they are devoted to making posters for anime and video game lovers.

We are proud to announce that the winners of this Quiz will be receiving their products! Do check their amazing products on their Instagram.

Date: 2024-10-03 17:35:07
Caption: "In the Mood for Yellow Submarines"... what is it? A Wong Kar-Wai movie? A Beatles song? Just a crossy wordplay, or something more?

To find out the answer to this question, and many more fundae in the enchanting realms of Media, Entertainment, Art and Literature, come join us on the morning of 5th October (8:30 AM - 12:30 PM) here at IIT Delhi to participate in the first quiz of the Great Wave: the MELA Quiz! With the Heisenburger trio: Ramish, @thearunabhroy and @blacksabbyath at the helm, this quiz is sure to be a clash between the best!

To register for this Quiz, and the seven other quizzes happening under the aegis of the Great Wave during Rendezvous, check out the rulebook on linktr.ee/offkanagawa! All registrations are through Unstop, and can be accessed through the same.

Date: 2024-10-03 11:33:24
Caption: Thank you, everyone who attempted this small set prepared by us about these two Indian giants!

Date: 2024-10-03 10:56:59
Caption: On the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti and Lal Bahadur Shastri Jayanti, BRCA organized an unforgettable tribute that brought together the essence of music, knowledge, and culture. The Music Club mesmerized the audience with soulful performances, paying homage to the ideals of peace, truth, and non-violence that Mahatma Gandhi stood for. The Quizzing Club engaged the crowd with challenging questions that celebrated the wisdom and leadership of both Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri. Hindi Samiti added a rich cultural flavor with a heartfelt tribute in the language of our heritage, showcasing the power of simplicity and patriotism.

The event was a fitting homage to two of India's greatest leaders, reminding everyone of their lasting impact on the nation. It was a day of reflection, learning, and unity, brought to life by the passionate performances of the BRCA clubs. 🌻

#GandhiJayanti #LalBahadurShastriJayanti #BRCA #MusicClub #QuizzingClub #HindiSamiti #CelebratingLegacy #CulturalTribute #RememberingOurLeaders #UnityInDiversity #TributeToGreatness

Date: 2024-10-02 20:32:53
Caption: Quizzing Club, IITD presents a stage that not only fuels your curiosity but challenges your intellect and inspires discovery.

This Rendezvous, join us as we embark on a thrilling adventure of questions and answers, where every query leads to deeper insights. From fascinating trivia to mind-stretching challenges, our journey celebrates the pursuit of knowledge, critical thinking, and competitive excellence.

Become a part of this experience with the Quizzing Club, as we embrace the thrill of inquiry and the excitement of learning. #satire #quizzing #reservoirdogs

Date: 2024-10-02 14:31:59
Caption: To celebrate this 2nd October, QC IITD brings you 5 questions on the life of the two illustrious personalities born on this day!

Quickly comment your answers in the chat below! We will release the answers in a few days.

Date: 2024-10-02 12:45:56
Caption: "Indiaprastha" - The India Quiz on the Evening shift (1:00 PM - 5:00 PM) of 5th October will cover a diverse range of topics - including, but not limited to Indian history, mythology, music, literature... With @sam_banerjee as the Quizmaster, you are sure to discover many hidden facts about this country we live in, with its rich and vibrant culture across all spheres of life!

The sponsor for this quiz is SPAN: a United States Embassy New Delhi publication devoted to bridging U.S. - India relations. It features content delivered to Indian audiences in three languages: Hindi, Urdu and English, as is evident from its logo. To find out more about this unique initiative, check out this marvellous E-zine on spanmag.com!

To register for this Quiz, and the seven other quizzes happening under the aegis of the Great Wave during Rendezvous, check out the rulebook on linktr.ee/offkanagawa! All registrations are through Unstop, and can be accessed through the same.

