Date: 2025-01-08 17:33:36
Caption: #IITDelhi Hosts Mr. Amandeep Singh Gill, #UN Under-Secretary-General for Digital and Emerging Technologies and Secretary-General’s Envoy on Technology, For a Discussion on #AI Governance

• Mr. Gill underscores importance of getting young people involved with Global Digital Compact

• Points out importance of young innovators and students in making #technology development fair and equal

- Mr. Gill took a tour of #startups incubated at the Foundation for Innovation and Technology Transfer, IIT Delhi, and met with teams from Cyran AI, Mobisec, Tensor Dynamics, and Synergy Quantum. The startups briefed him about their work and how their solutions could help with societal issues. 

Read more: https://home.iitd.ac.in/show.php?id=603&in_sections=News

Date: 2025-01-06 14:17:54
Caption: #IITDelhi, in collaboration with the I-Hub Foundation for Cobotics (IHFC), the Institute’s Technology Innovation Hub, proudly hosted Mr. Jake Sullivan, the National Security Advisor (NSA) of the United States of America, on January 6, 2025.

Mr.  Sullivan delivered an insightful talk on ‘The United States and India: Building a Shared Future.’  

He addressed a distinguished gathering at IIT Delhi, setting the tone in the right direction for joint technology development in the academic forefront for the two nations. His address focused on the progress of the India-U.S. strategic partnership and explored future strategic alliances aimed at further strengthening bilateral relations between the two nations.

Mr. Sullivan concluded his address on an optimistic note saying, “…being here at IIT Delhi with young technologists, entrepreneurs and policy makers who will take this generational project forward, I have every reason to believe that within the next decade we will see American and Indian firms working together to build the next generation of semiconductor technologies, American and Indian astronauts’ conducting cutting edge research and space exploration together, American and Indian researchers contributing to a new explosion and life saving vaccines, American and Indian engineering students developing new innovations together right here at IIT Delhi, and American and Indian leaders propelling our partnership and our future torque with the American statesman and scientists….”

The Director, IIT Delhi, Prof. Rangan Banerjee, highlighted the ongoing linkages between the American institutions and IIT Delhi, with a number of bilateral collaborations.

Date: 2025-01-06 09:54:43
Caption: Indigenous Knowledge in India: A Seminar on the Rich Heritage of Civil Engineering

The Department of Civil Engineering #IITDelhi, in collaboration with the Delhi Chapter of the Indian National Academy of Engineering (INAE) and the Indian Knowledge Systems (IKS) Program, sponsored by the Ram and Mithlesh Gupta Foundation, organized a distinguished technical seminar titled "Indigenous Knowledge in India on Civil Engineering."

The seminar was delivered by Prof. T.G. Sitharam, Chairperson, AICTE, and former Director of IIT Guwahati.

Prof. Sitharam's presentation explored the profound impact of indigenous knowledge systems on the evolution of civil engineering disciplines and practices in India, emphasizing how traditional knowledge and techniques can be integrated with modern innovations to address contemporary challenges in infrastructure, sustainability, and resource management.

Read more: https://home.iitd.ac.in/show.php?id=601&in_sections=News

Date: 2025-01-04 09:05:02
Caption: IIT Delhi is saddened by the passing away of Dr. R. Chidambaram, a veteran nuclear scientist. The Institute was fortunate to have the leadership and guidance, advice, and wisdom of Dr. Chidambaram as the Chairman, Board of Governors, during a critical phase of our growth. 

His passion for science, focus on new ideas, risk-taking, encouragement for youngsters, sense of balance, humility, and sense of humour impressed everyone who had the opportunity to interact with him. 

The Institute has lost a mentor, well-wisher, and friend. We convey our sincere condolences to his family and pray that his soul may rest in peace.

Date: 2025-01-03 06:25:08
Caption: #IITDelhi welcomes Mr. Jake Sullivan, U.S. National Security Advisor, for an insightful talk on ‘The United States and India: Building a Shared Future.’ Dive into the evolving partnership and shared vision of these two nations.

6 Jan 2025 | 3 PM | Seminar Hall

Date: 2024-12-23 09:31:59
Caption: #IITDelhi students have secured over 1200 job offers, including pre-placement offers (PPOs), with about 1150 individual students being uniquely selected. The #placement season for the academic year 2024–25 is currently ongoing.

In this phase, students have also received 50+ international offers from 15+ prestigious organizations across multiple global regions, including Japan, Netherlands, South Korea, Taiwan, UAE, United Kingdom, and United States.

Read more: https://home.iitd.ac.in/show.php?id=599&in_sections=News

Date: 2024-12-22 06:09:08
Caption: #UnitedNations Secretary-General’s Envoy, Mr. Amandeep Gill, will deliver a lecture titled ‘UN@80: New Direction for Technology Governance’ on 8th January 2025, at #IITDelhi.

Please register by 1st January 2025!

Registration link for IIT Delhi community:
https://forms.gle/htYDdaTzstb9N9fT8

Registration link for others:
https://forms.gle/59Y2L2RqRUyASHqe7

Date: 2024-12-21 04:33:33
Caption: #IITDelhi’s Board for Sports Activities is elated to share that 2024 has been an exceptional year for the Institute’s sports fraternity. At the 57th #InterIITSportsMeet, our contingent created history by securing the General Championship in the Men’s category and achieving an impressive 3rd place in the Overall General Championship.

Our teams excelled across multiple disciplines, delivering outstanding performances:
• Gold: Hockey, Swimming (Men), Water Polo, and Squash (Men)
• Silver: Squash (Women)
• Bronze: Cricket, Tennis (Men), Table Tennis (Women), and Badminton (Women)

We are also proud to highlight the outstanding contributions of Mr. Harshit Chaudhary (Hockey), Mr. Rachit Rambhia (Water Polo), and Mr. Antriksh Saran (Squash), who were recognised as the Most Valuable Players of the Meet.

This milestone is a testament to the unwavering dedication, tireless efforts, and collective spirit of our student contingent, committed coaches, and support team, including Mr. Kushal (General Secretary, BSA), Mr. Harshit Chaudhary (Deputy General Secretary, BSA), Prof. Punit Sharma (President, BSA), Dr. Deepak Negi (Sports Officer), and Dr. Rekha S. Deoli (Joint Sports Officer).

Heartiest congratulations to everyone who contributed to this extraordinary success!

Let us continue to uphold IIT Delhi’s sporting legacy and inspire future contingents to
aim even higher.

Date: 2024-12-19 12:17:52
Caption: DRDO Industry Academia-Center of Excellence (DIA-CoE) at IIT Delhi Transfers Technology of ABHED, a Lightweight Bulletproof Jacket, to three Indian Industries

•	DIA-CoE, IIT Delhi Sign MoA with Reliance Industries for the development of Indigenous Polymeric Ballistic Material 
•	MoA signed with multiple industry partners for limited series production of Extreme Cold Weather Clothing and Extreme Heat Protective Clothing

Read more: https://home.iitd.ac.in/show.php?id=595&in_sections=News

Date: 2024-12-19 07:47:14
Caption: #IITDelhi has signed an MoU with the Heartfulness Education Trust (HET), a public charitable trust under the Indian Trust Act, 1882. Through this MoU, IIT Delhi aims to impart the Heartfulness approach to various wellness programs and foster the mental, emotional, and personal growth of its students. It also aims to enhance values-based education and inner development, helping students improve academic performance and develop leadership qualities.

HET offers well-being programs through relaxation, meditation, and values-based education. As part of this MoU, its services will be available to IIT Delhi students free of charge. 

The collaboration will facilitate workshops, seminars, and training sessions on campus. This collaboration reflects IIT Delhi's commitment to nurturing student well-being alongside academic excellence. By partnering with HET, the Institute aims to build a mentally resilient student community ready to face modern-day challenges.

Date: 2024-12-17 12:15:45
Caption: #IITDelhi_AbuDhabi Launches #PhD Program in Energy and Sustainability

The PhD program is set to commence with its first cohort in January 2025. This initiative marks a significant milestone in IIT Delhi-Abu Dhabi’s commitment to fostering advanced research and innovation in the field of energy and sustainability.

Details of the application process, eligibility criteria, project topics, selection process, and the portal for submitting applications are available at: https://abudhabi.iitd.ac.in/ph.d_admissions

Read more: https://home.iitd.ac.in/show.php?id=594&in_sections=News

Date: 2024-12-11 12:01:35
Caption: #BharatiyaBhashaUtsav

Date: 2024-12-06 08:45:08
Caption: #IITDelhi Students Choosing Diverse Career Paths, Shows Graduation Exit Survey 2024

Students are keen on exploring multiple and diverse career opportunities, such as startups, entrepreneurship, higher studies, post-doctoral research, civil services, and many more.

Following are the important findings of the exit survey for the set of 2656 graduates: 

1. 1411 (53.1%) students responded that they have received a job offer.

2. 224 (8.4%) students responded that they were self-employed, whereas 45 (1.7%) students informed that they were working for a start-up, and 66 (2.5%) students were involved in entrepreneurship.

3. 359 (13.5%) students responded that they are going for higher studies, and 47 (1.8%) PhD students informed that they are waiting for a post-doctoral research opportunity or for a faculty position.

4. 321 (~12.1%) students informed that they are preparing for different examinations, for example, civil services, engineering services, and examinations required for different government jobs

5. Finally, only 134 students (~5%) reported in August 2024 that they were still looking for appropriate career opportunities.

Read more: https://home.iitd.ac.in/show.php?id=279&in_sections=Press

Date: 2024-12-04 16:38:37
Caption: Deadline Extended for Round 1 Applications!

Submit your ideas for the ‘Transport Stack Open Innovation Challenge’ by 15th December 2024 and get on board for a journey of reshaping the future of mobility.

Apply Now: https://delhi.transportstack.in/innovationchallenge

The challenge invites startups, researchers, and academia to share bold, transformative ideas that will redefine how we move.”

Participate in competing for a share of the USD100K Grant Pool, Incubation opportunities for top teams, Exclusive masterclasses with industry experts, and Cloud credits to supercharge your solutions.

Date: 2024-12-03 12:19:02
Caption: #IITDelhi Leads Landmark Collaboration with Hyundai Motor Group to Advance Battery and Electrification Research

IIT Delhi, in collaboration with Hyundai Motor Group, has entered into a strategic MoU to advance innovation in Electric Vehicle (EV) and Battery Technology. The MoU will establish the Hyundai Center of Excellence (CoE) at IIT Delhi. 

This is a joint collaboration with #IITBombay and #IITMadras. This partnership aims to drive transformative research and development that will shape the future of sustainable mobility in India. 

Read more: 
https://home.iitd.ac.in/show.php?id=582&in_sections=News

Date: 2024-11-29 11:51:42
Caption: Thirty-four officers of the Indian Navy and 01 from the Indian Coast Guard graduated from #IITDelhi post successful completion of their PGDIIT(NC) course from Naval Construction Wing on November 29, 2024. 

Prof Rangan Banerjee, Director, IIT Delhi, was the Chief Guest for the Valedictory ceremony and felicitated the graduating officers. 

Lt Sameer Dipak Bagul was awarded the Chief of the Naval Staff Medal for Being First in Overall Order of Merit and the Capt Mohan Ram Silver Medal for Best Minor Project. 

Lt Sahil Thakur was awarded the Commodore Garg Gold Medal for Best Major Project. 

Lt Pinaki and Lt P Yashmitha were awarded the NCW trophy for the Best All-Round Trainee.

Date: 2024-11-27 10:58:38
Caption: Bhagwan Birsa Munda Cell (BBMC) at #IITDelhi Hosts Commemoratives Events on Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas

This milestone celebration featured a high-profile panel discussion on the theme "Tribal Philosophy of Sustainable Development". 

The distinguished panel included:
• Shri Harsh Chauhan, former Chairperson, National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST), highlighted the profound sustainability principles inherent in tribal traditions and their modern-day relevance.
• Shri Lakshman Singh Markam, Additional Secretary, Office of Chief Minster, Govt., and Commissioner TRI, Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, provided firsthand insights into how tribal practices can inspire inclusive development strategies.
• Prof. V.M. Chariar, CRDT, IIT Delhi, discussed innovative methods for integrating tribal philosophies into mainstream sustainable development frameworks.

Read more at: https://home.iitd.ac.in/show.php?id=578&in_sections=News

Date: 2024-11-27 06:33:56
Caption: #ConstitutionDay Celebrated at #IITDelhi

NSS IIT Delhi, in collaboration with the Institute of Constitutional & Parliamentary Studies (ICPS), organized a special event on November 26, 2024, to celebrate Constitution Day.

Dr. Sasmit Patra, Hon'ble Member of Parliament (Rajya Sabha), interacted with the students, staff, and faculty members of the Institute. The focus of his talk was "Evolution of the Indian Constitution." Dr. Patra's interaction with the audience was insightful and thought-provoking, emphasizing parliamentary practices and public policy.

Mr. Manoj Tiwari, Hon'ble Member of Parliament (Lok Sabha), spoke about the role of the constitutional values in shaping the youth's future. He also talked about the role of the IIT community in the nation's technological advancement and making India a self-reliant, developed country.

Date: 2024-11-22 15:00:04
Caption: AIIMS New Delhi, IIT Delhi and UCL Announce Trilateral Partnership to Scale Up MedTech Innovation

For the first time, the three institutions will join forces to draw on their complementary areas of expertise to develop new technologies that help tackle some of today’s biggest health challenges

On November 22, 2024, #AIIMS New Delhi, #IITDelhi and University College London (UCL) signed an MoU committing to partnership in research and innovation.

The partnership, which will seek to leverage industry connections across all three institutions, will pave the way for devising multidisciplinary technology and innovation focused solutions across healthcare.

Together, the universities aim to advance the field of medical technology in cutting-edge areas such as detection, diagnostics and imaging; devices and implants; assistive technologies; digital health; artificial intelligence, machine learning and quantum; surgical and treatment interventions and sensing technologies.

Read more at- 
https://shorturl.at/ANL2K

Date: 2024-11-20 10:31:21
Caption: Foundation for Innovation and Technology Transfer (FITT) at #IITDelhi announces the launch of the "Transport Stack Open Innovation Challenge" in collaboration with Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), with Boston Consulting Group (BCG) as the knowledge partner.

Calling innovators, startups, researchers, and academia with transformative ideas in mobility. We're looking for visionary solutions to reimagine urban transportation and address today's mobility challenges with fresh perspectives.

What's on offer?

💵 Prizes worth USD 100K

🏢 Incubation opportunities for top teams

📚 Masterclasses with industry experts

☁ Cloud Credits to support your projects

Don't miss this chance to make an impact in the future of transportation!

Register now and submit your ideas by 30th November 2024.

For more information, visit: https://delhi.transportstack.in/innovationchallenge

Date: 2024-11-19 06:28:20
Caption: The Department of Humanities and Social Sciences at the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi is organising its inaugural Digital Humanities Winter School from 17–22 February 2025.
This six-day programme will offer hands-on training in computational tools for analysing large text corpora, with a focus on texts in Indian languages.
Designed for humanities students with minimal or no computational background, with the skills to confidently engage with humanities data and conceptualise their future research.

📅 Application Deadline: 10 December 2024
🔗 Learn more: dh.iitd.ac.in
📲 Follow us on Instagram: @iitd.dh

#digitalhumanities #humanitiescomputing #voyanttools #topicmodelling #textanalytics

Date: 2024-11-15 06:28:28
Caption: The Continuing Education Programme (CEP), #IITDelhi, has launched an
online “Certificate Programme in Generative AI”.

Information Brochure:
https://owncloud.iitd.ac.in/nextcloud/index.php/s/rY4SRq5WZQxtqGL

Apply Now:
https://ceppay.iitd.ac.in/programAdmission?jobOpeningId=12

Last date to apply: November 26, 2024

Date: 2024-11-14 11:34:02
Caption: Congratulations to #IITDelhi alumnus Pradeep (M. Tech., 2023 Batch, Civil Engineering), a proud member of the #TeamIndia that won Bronze Medal in 2000-metre 20-seater Dragon Boat Men’s Team event at the 2024 ICF Dragon Boat World Championship held in Philippines earlier this month.

Pradeep met with Prof. Rangan Banerjee, the Director of IIT Delhi, who congratulated him and the entire Indian team on their achievement.

#iitdelhialumni

Date: 2024-11-09 18:50:32
Caption: #IITDelhi organised the 17th edition of its annual “Open House” event designed to inspire young minds towards Science and Technology on November 9, 2024.

This year’s Open House saw an overwhelming response, with around 3500-4000 students from 58 schools and colleges across the Delhi-NCR region, along with their teachers and members of the general public, coming together to explore how IIT Delhi, a distinguished Institute of National Importance, is contributing to the nation-building through research and innovation. 

An extensive collection of around 250 innovative research projects were on display for the visitors. 

Chief Guest, Prof. Randeep Guleria, former Director, AIIMS New Delhi, inaugurated the Open House and delivered a talk titled ‘Healthcare: A Look Back, a Look Ahead’.

The event featured live demonstrations of various landmark projects, underscoring IIT Delhi’s role as a hub of innovation in areas such as AI in healthcare, quantum technology, and semiconductor advancements. Among the key highlights was an AI-based project for detecting gallbladder cancer from ultrasound images aimed at saving lives through early, non-invasive diagnosis. Other standout projects included a Laser-Based Solid-State Lighting System for efficient white light, a smart walking stick enhancing mobility for the elderly, a Portable Microscopic Air Quality Monitoring and Bioaerosol Imaging System for real-time environmental monitoring, 5G Authentication and Key Agreement Protocol on XBee for secure communications, Rapid Testing Kits for food and environmental applications, Atoms at Play: Molecular Dynamics Simulations to explore atomic interactions, and Mapping our Galaxy from Within to understand cosmic structures. These projects highlighted IIT Delhi’s commitment to bridging theoretical research and real-world applications, creating solutions with tangible societal impact.
 
Here are glimpses from the Open House.

Date: 2024-11-09 04:14:31
Caption: #IITDelhi Open House 2024

Watch Inauguration Ceremony Live Now! 

https://www.youtube.com/live/DOhSKrzJ1_M?si=Q_ZNxjpcJFYTpf6k

Date: 2024-11-08 04:03:59
Caption: #IITDelhi Open House on November 9, 2024 

Chief Guest- Dr. Randeep Guleria, Former Director, AIIMS New Delhi

Date: 2024-11-07 07:35:33
Caption: #OpenHouse 2024

#IITDelhi to organise 17th edition of Open House for school/ college students and general public on November 9, 2024. 

Around 250 research projects will be showcased on this occasion through live demos, presentations and posters to display IIT Delhi’s contribution to nation building.

Date: 2024-11-07 02:12:28
Caption: #IITDelhi to organise a discussion on 2024’s #Nobel Laureates 

The discussion aims to explain the seminal contributions of this year's laureates and give a glimpse of impact of their work.

Date- November 8, 2024

Time- 05:00 pm

#NobelLaureates 

@outreach_iitd

Date: 2024-11-06 13:35:00
Caption: #QS World University Rankings - Asia 2025: #IITDelhi emerges as the top Indian institute 

Read more @timesofindia - -
https://shorturl.at/QN8YC

Date: 2024-10-30 10:29:22
Caption: #IITDelhi and Centre for Railway Information Systems (CRIS) Partner to Transform #IndianRailways Through Cutting-Edge Research

Under this MoU, IIT Delhi researchers will engage in a series of R&D projects aimed at enhancing security, safety, scheduling, intermodal connectivity, and revenue optimization for Indian Railways.

Read more at: https://home.iitd.ac.in/show.php?id=561&in_sections=News

Date: 2024-10-25 13:03:45
Caption: Dr. Yann LeCun, Meta’s Chief AI Scientist and a pioneer in Artificial Intelligence, participated in a panel discussion at #IITDelhi on October 24, 2024, laying out his vision for the future of #AI and its intersection with human capabilities.

During the panel discussion titled ‘From Neural Mimics to Smart Assistants - A Journey into AI’s Next Frontiers’, Dr. Yann emphasized the need for a rethink of AI architectures, the advantages of open-source, and India’s unique potential in the AI landscape. 

On India’s role in the AI era, Dr. Yann emphasized the diversity of cultures, languages, and value systems as a key strength. “The training of the big models is to be distributed. India has an important part to play in this because of the size of the population, the diversity of cultures, and value systems,” Yann said.

Date: 2024-10-24 08:50:29
Caption: Watch LIVE!

Be Inspired at #IITDelhi with Yann LeCun, Turing Award recipient and renowned #AI expert, Chief AI Scientist at Meta and Silver Professor of Computer Science at NYU.

'From Neural Mimics to Smart Assistants - A Journey into AI's Next Frontiers'

Live @ https://www.youtube.com/live/gIEP4GB9F6w?si=T1JvZx0edHzSgjw0

Time: 03:00 pm (IST) / October 24, 2024

Date: 2024-10-24 06:39:21
Caption: The Continuing Education Programme (CEP), #IITDelhi, has launched an online certificate programme in "Machine Learning and Deep Learning ."

Information Brochure: https://owncloud.iitd.ac.in/nextcloud/index.php/s/Tz9N9xgP4P3oeeR 

Last date to apply: October 28, 2024

Apply now: https://timespro.com/executive-education/iit-delhi-certificate-programme-in-machine-learning-and-deep-learning?action=apply_now&programNo=P-01493&utm_source=Institute&utm_medium=IIT-

Date: 2024-10-23 15:35:22
Caption: If you want your questions answered live at the session at IIT Delhi on the 24th of October 3 - 4 PM, be sure to send them to us via our Instagram stories Now (23rd of October)!

Produced by Teamwork Arts, in partnership with IIT Delhi, and in Collaboration with the Principal Scientific Advisor to the Govt. of India and META.

#science #tech #technology #cern #physics #darkmatter #darkenergy #indianscientist #futuretechnology #innovation #purescience #beinspired #iitdelhi #scai

Date: 2024-10-23 14:57:15
Caption: Yann LeCun, Chief AI Scientist at META, Turing Awardee and NYU Professor, whose pioneering work in deep learning has had a profound impact on the field of artificial intelligence, enabling applications such as image recognition, natural language processing, and autonomous vehicles, will be in a conversation at IIT Delhi on October 24, 2024, 3 - 4 pm! This landmark event will be opened by Dr Preeti Banzal from the Office of the Principal Scientific Advisor to the Govt of India. Vishal Gondal, CEO of GOQii, will anchor the conversation, along with Jo Agarwal, IIT Delhi alumna, CEO, WYSA, who will join the conversation. 

Don’t miss this exciting exchange of powerful ideas on our digital reality! Attend the session on 24th October, 3 - 4PM at Dogra Hall! Comment below if you are interested in attending! Or, join our YouTube livestream @twabeinspired598. 

Produced by Teamwork Arts, in partnership with IIT Delhi, and in Collaboration with the Principal Scientific Advisor to the Govt. of India and META.

#science #tech #technology #cern #physics #darkmatter #darkenergy #indianscientist #futuretechnology #innovation #purescience #beinspired

Date: 2024-10-22 11:48:14
Caption: The Academic Outreach Office at #IITDelhi is inaugurating Anveshan: UG Engagement Series-an exciting and intellectually stimulating lecture series crafted for Undergraduate students passionate about science, technology, and innovation on 26th October 2024 (Saturday)|2:00 PM - 5:00 PM|Dogra Hall, Main Building, IIT Delhi.

Please register through Google Form or QR code by Thursday, 24th October 2024.

Google Form Link: https://forms.gle/Bfr9NG2YWjZN6Rvo7’

Date: 2024-10-22 08:20:30
Caption: Centre for Biomedical Engineering, #IITDelhi Launches MS (Research) Program in ‘Healthcare Technology’ for #Medical and Allied Clinical Professionals

This unique program starting in January 2025 is specifically designed for medical and allied clinical professionals, integrating the principles of #medicine with cutting-edge engineering disciplines to foster #deeptech innovations in #healthcare.

The last date to apply for admissions is October 25, 2024. The interested candidates can apply online-https://ecampus.iitd.ac.in/PGADM/login.

Read more at: https://shorturl.at/yInze

For more information, please visit- https://cbme.iitd.ac.in/news/52

Date: 2024-10-21 15:36:24
Caption: Only 2 DAYS left until our LIVE event with Yann LeCun, recipient of the prestigious Turing Award, Professor at NYU, and Chief AI Scientist at META!

Join us as he debunks the myths of AI world domination and shares why we have nothing to fear. This is your chance to hear directly from the expert challenging the biggest misconceptions.

Don’t miss out! Attend the session on 24th October, 3 - 4PM at Dogra Hall! Comment below if you are interested in attending! Or, join our livestream @twabeinspired598.

Produced by Teamwork Arts, in partnership with IIT Delhi, and in Collaboration with the Principal Scientific Advisor to the Govt. of India and META.

#science #tech #technology #cern #physics #darkmatter #darkenergy #indianscientist #futuretechnology #innovation #purescience #beinspired

Date: 2024-10-21 12:45:49
Caption: Get your AI riddles solved with Turing Awardee, NYU Professor and Chief AI Scientist at META, Yann LeCun on 24th October, 3pm at IIT Delhi. Comment below if you are interested in attending! Or,  join our livestream @twabeinspired598.

#science #tech #technology #cern #physics #darkmatter #darkenergy #indianscientist #futuretechnology #innovation #purescience #beinspired

Date: 2024-10-21 11:55:42
Caption: Prof. Yann LeCun, renowned for his groundbreaking contributions to #AI, particularly in #DeepLearning, is visiting #IITDelhi. 

Prof. LeCun is a co-recipient of the prestigious Turing Award in 2018 - the highest honor in #computerscience. 

#Innovation #TuringAward

Date: 2024-10-19 12:28:32
Caption: The 21st Edition of the Commodore Garg Memorial Lecture was conducted on October 19, 2024, at #IITDelhi by the Naval Construction Wing and the Department of Applied Mechanics. The event paid tribute to the late Cmde VP Garg, the #IndianNavy’s first uniformed Naval Constructor officer. 

Dr. Shamika Ravi, Member EAC-PM, delivered a keynote lecture on “Indian Economy: Towards Prosperity and Strategic Self-Reliance.”. She enlightened the audience on fostering growth in key sectors like technology, manufacturing, and infrastructure. Strategic self-reliance, driven by initiatives such as “Make in India,” is helping reduce dependence on imports and boost domestic production.

The event was attended by dignitaries from the @indiannavy, Maritime Industry, Naval Veterans and IIT Delhi.

Date: 2024-10-19 02:14:40
Caption: The #AI Centres of Excellence on Healthcare, led by #IITDelhi and #AIIMS Delhi, aims to focus on early disease prediction, diagnostics, and pandemic tracking. It will support trials and data collection for healthcare, including AYUSH medicines while addressing challenges related to affordability, quality, and access. 

The initiative also aims to foster healthcare innovation by developing technical infrastructure and collaborations.

#AIforIndia  #IITStartupsforAI #aiforviksitbharat

Date: 2024-10-18 10:48:53
Caption: On the occasion of the rolling out of the new MA Culture, Society, Thought programme, with its very first batch admitted in July 2024, the Office of Outreach and New Initiatives and the Dept. of Humanities & Social Sciences (HSS), #IITDelhi, invite you to the inaugural lecture of the MA-CST Annual Public Lecture Series. 

The inaugural lecture titled ‘Himsa/Ahimsa: Ancient debates on a perennial problem’ will be delivered by Prof. Upinder Singh, an eminent historian of Ancient India and professor at Ashoka University.

The Lecture Series will be launched by IIT Delhi Director, Prof. Rangan Banerjee; Dean of Academics, Prof. Narayanan D. Kurur; and Head, HSS Department, Prof. Farhana Ibrahim. 

Please scan the QR code to register for the event.

Date: 22nd October 2024
Time: 5:00 PM
Venue: Seminar Hall, Main Administrative Building, IIT Delhi 

Please Note: Prior registration is mandatory to attend the event

Date: 2024-10-11 09:12:47
Caption: The British High Commissioner to the Republic of India, Ms. Lindy Cameron, and Ms. Nidhi, the winner of the High Commissioner for a Day competition organized by the British High Commission in India, visited #IITDelhi’s National Centre for Assistive Health Technology. They were given demonstrations of many new assistive technologies developed by IIT Delhi to empower people with visual impairments and blindness. 

For about two decades now, IIT Delhi has been developing assistive technologies in the space of mobility and education that have benefited more than 180,000 users in more than 25 countries. Some of these technologies have a strong British connection in the form of translational grants received from Wellcome Trust, UK, and also in the form of academic collaboration with UCL London and the Global Disability Innovation (GDI) hub.

The visitors also had an opportunity to interact with some assistive technology startups that are currently part of the Attvaran accelerator program. Attvaran is a collaborative initiative by the University College London, IIT Delhi, Global Disability Innovation Hub, and IIT Madras. Attvaran’s mission is to empower early-stage innovators and entrepreneurs working on developing affordable assistive technologies for people with disabilities and the elderly in India and other parts of the world.

@ukinindia

Date: 2024-10-10 08:55:51
Caption: Over 100 school teams are showcasing their innovations at the Grand Finale of Youth Ideathon 2024, organized by ThinkStartup and the Management Entrepreneurship Professional Skills Council (MEPSC) at IIT Delhi's Lecture Hall Complex. 

This year, the Ideathon attracted participation from over 53,000 teams nationwide in its initial rounds. To narrow down the selection, a jury of approximately 100 #IITDelhi #PhDscholars played a significant role in the shortlisting of school teams. 

The top 100 teams were selected to present their projects at this two-day event concluding on October 10, 2024. The Office of Academic Outreach and New Initiatives facilitated the event.

Date: 2024-10-07 05:17:39
Caption: An ONLINE Open House will be organised by the Department of Design, #IITDelhi, on October 8, 2024, at 5:00 PM (IST) to address any queries related to #BTech. in Design program starting from 2025-26. 

Meeting Link- https://shorturl.at/EG79f 

For updates on Open House, pl register- https://shorturl.at/msxy0

Date: 2024-10-06 05:24:55
Caption: We are overjoyed to share that the #IITDelhi Aquatics team has made history by taking home the swimming and water polo trophies for the first time in the history of the Inter-IIT Aquatics Meet, all thanks to the dedication and hard work of our players, coaches, and the Board for Sports Activity staff. 

At the 38th Inter-IIT Aquatics Meet hosted by IIT Indore, our star swimmer Rachit Rambhia set a new meet record in the 50m Backstroke event and took home two Gold medals (one in 50m Backstroke and another one in 100m Breaststroke). He also won a Silver medal in the 50m Breaststroke.

In the water polo final, IIT Delhi won against IIT Bombay after a fiercely contested semifinal match against the reigning champions, IIT Madras. Rachit Rambhia emerged as the top goal scorer in water polo. 

Congratulations to Team IIT Delhi!

#interiitsportsmeet #iit

Date: 2024-10-04 08:01:29
Caption: PGDEx-VLFM Batch 07 Students Meet IIT Delhi Director; Witness Inspiring Interactive Session 

#PGDEx_VLFM (Visionary Leaders For Manufacturing) is a one-year full-time residential executive diploma program jointly conducted by #IIMMumbai and #IITDelhi to groom the emerging leaders for mid and senior-level Managerial positions. 

As the PGDEx-VLFM Batch 07 students prepared to transition from IIT Delhi to IIM Mumbai, they had the opportunity to participate in an inspiring and motivational session with Prof. Rangan Banerjee, Director of IIT Delhi, addressing them.
 
During the session, the students had the opportunity for one-on-one interactions with Prof. Banerjee, gaining personalized insights on leadership, innovation, and the importance of collaboration, which left them energized for the next phase of their journey.

IIT Delhi's Prof. Sudarshan Ghosh and Prof. S.G. Deshmukh also attended the session and shared their valuable inputs, further enriching the discussion with their expertise. Their guidance, along with Prof. Banerjee’s encouragement, has left a lasting impact on the students as they prepare to tackle the challenges ahead.

The #PGDEx #VLFM Batch 07 expressed heartfelt gratitude to IIT Delhi’s leadership and faculty for their continuous support in creating such a transformative and engaging learning experience.

Date: 2024-10-03 13:04:56
Caption: #IITDelhi had the privilege of hosting Dr. Werner Vogels, Chief Technology Officer of #Amazon, for an impactful visit centered around how #AI can be used to solve some of the world’s hardest problems, highlighting his experience with startups focused on education and social impact. 

Dr. Vogels delivered a compelling talk on “AI for Good”. His insights into the role of AI in reshaping industries and contributing to social welfare captivated the audience, spurring meaningful discussions on how academia can contribute to AI-driven solutions. 

The Institute looks forward to fostering greater collaboration in the future. 

Read more at: https://home.iitd.ac.in/show.php?id=545&in_sections=News

#Artificial_Intelligence #InnovationLeadership

Date: 2024-10-03 06:16:18
Caption: Headquarters Maintenance (HQ) Command, #IndianAirforce Nagpur, and #IITDelhi Join Hands for AI-powered Research on Technical Textiles; to Focus on Parachute and Other Safety Equipment

Read more at- https://shorturl.at/gvUlU

Date: 2024-10-02 11:53:12
Caption: #IITDelhi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and former Prime Minister Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary today. 

On this occasion, the Institute facilitated sanitation workers for their services.

